^-K needs to have bindings in the test app window.
When Option sheet is up, and user focuses on main window and hits delete
  to delete the widget, the option sheet should go away/grey out.
No insert key on Mac keyboard...Argh!
The text entry widget should get smarter...such as when a 'textvariable' 
  value is present becoming read-only so that it's obvious the user
  cannot change it.
Toolbars don't update forms when sample buttons' option sheets are shown.
Clicking on the toolbar buttons with custom menus doesn't work quite like
  menus.
Attach scrollbars is very vague, and not iformative.
Option sheets open too wide originally on Macs.
Clicking on a sub-frame cell while row/col deletions are in progress causes
  the whole frame to go away.
Column heading highlight is not correct when moving a widget off the grid.
Project management window.

Megawidgets
Can't change a frame's class
Templates for new (mega)widgets (composite widgets)
menueditor
bindingeditor
Provide a main and a skeleton (projects/IDE/Debugger?)
Widget registry
Support Placer, packer
Read in visual basic forms, output tcl forms
Debugger integrated
Generate code for BLT *or* grid
Add Tabbed Dialog boxes, combo boxes to SpecTcl as widget
Add International templates (resource strings) ask wayne

Multiple select

premake homegrown menus, and don't recreate them unless absolutely 
  necessary.
stop button isn't highlighted corerctly under specjava.
need balloon help (label placed in .)
Make a row/column resizable when a frame is told to stick to its parent's
  sides.
On color selection dialog, tabbing between fields should highlight 
  the fields, and the 'OK' button should be defaulted.

Reported bugs:
Panel functionality doesn't work.
bugid: 265 - Couldn't open SPECTCL_DIR/help.ui under SpecPerl
bugid: 331 - Wierd dragging of gridline in Linux
bugid: 328 - Java inheritance no longer working right.
bugid: 260, 306, 283, 279, 278,  - Insert bug with a bad window path name.
bugid: 335 - Palette down bug on Windows with a can't read "data(row)"
bugid: 330 - HPUX invalid command name ".prefs.f.appearance.grid_bg_color"
bugid: 313 - button_drag error with a 'bad window path name ".label"'
bugid: 314 - button_drag error with a 'window name "label" already exists'
bugid: 290 - grid bug? 'expected integer but got "--396"'
bugid: 284 - open file bug - 'can't set "data(rowspan)'
bugid: 338 - cosmetic glitch
bugid: 272 - arrow_update with a 'bad window path name "blah"'
bugid: 271 - event->widget_up with a 'invalid command name ".can.f.frame#10"'
bugid: 341 - errors during testing show up as SpecTcl errors, should be
             trapped and reported to the user.
bugid: 340 - hp-xterminal,dec osf/1, Tcl7.6, Tk4.2 geometry bug.
